Jan
The new year turns and fireworks alight in the distance. Atop Sydney Park, I hug my knees close and feel the universe sigh in me for another year of The Knee. A week pass, and hopes of the boy who I sat on top of that hill with starts breathing air. 

Feb
Nothing had warranted the dictatorial pain that ravaged my knee, a paralysis that buried the u24 dream. A crush, a confession, countered immediately by its entanglement with the past.

Mar
Fuji was wrought with longing. Solo travelling beginning with yearning leaves ample mind to wander. The team morale donuted, but I wasn’t bothered. Akari and my first onsen. Grandad didn’t look well. The month ends as my birthday was spent with my favourite people. 

Apr
A possum joins our decision to simmer. I am anxious about backtracking feelings. Comfort leads to friendship ruins. The hair goes in amounting work and personal stress. 

May
Trying to focus on family and friends, but thoughts of the boy wreak. I puncture the silence, and start to fill in the fantasies. 

Jun
Iceland was magic dust mixed with a pinch of disappointment at wishes unmet. u24 will forever be a question of its worth. Andalusia was more longing, and hotter this time. 

Jul
The full moon finds the way for our words to each other. The newfound role feels foreign. I can kiss him, miss him, be hugged by him. The pure joy had been soaked by wine stains from before though, and they started to seep through in their honesty. 

Aug
A sweet first month anniversary, a lie costly and naively believed, and laying bare on the surgeons table. “Partner” was written on the surgery form. 

Sep
Met the parents. One of two leaves to pursue US and I’m left to the legacy behemoth. But the work anxieties truncate in times given to gazing and being held. 

Oct
Multimillion dollar break glass hot. Cardinal sins unforgiven. Desperation, anger, shame, grief, and a sadness that wells every still moment taken. Move, keep moving. It feels as if I’ve lost all my female friends. 

Nov
I’ve been told I get trapped in my own guilt. I don’t blame him. Or at least, I try not to but that’s not mutually felt. He feels as if he can’t move on from this impermeable tension cast in our silence and glances. The wait for reconciliation and missing him shades into lust and frustration. We don’t believe we are going away together for three months soon. 

Dec
Hotel California, Uncle Tan Kiat, 50% is enough, death by durian, climbing with the cousins, Cameron valley steamboat, Georgetown Christmas. Celebrations spent in dramatic watersheds, and a countdown to no one but myself.