Writing has many purposes; storytelling, communicating, catharsis, insight, clarity, creativity. I’m writing here to kindle a feeling I would like to seep into my stomach and fill it with gurgling anticipation. Lift the compartment of my heart because it’s overflowing with gallivanting excitement. Reteach my brain that nothing is granted dutifully, easily. Everything comes with privilege, beauty, effervescence only if we choose to cradle it in our hands and look closely. 

The frequency and spontaneity with which travel occurs within Sydney social contexts is one side of the pulley that is sinking the anticipation for what would be a grand adventure. Half yearly trips away seems a social given. European summers a convenient way to escape the oh so unbearable but truthfully tepid Australian winters. With each return of friends coming back from their holidays, friend catch ups are expositional scrolls through their camera roll accompanied by “the food was so good” and “the people I met were amazing”. That’s not to say those aren’t delightful experiences to share, but I want to hear how the grains of rice were stickier than the ones you get back home, how the twilight skyline view above the cacophony of honks can make one feel so inconsequential yet melt into the universe, how a stranger’s smile quickly became a friend’s laughter. I want to know how you felt in the small moments, rather than a plain understatement “it was so good!” {I am very much parodying myself here too}. I believe the travel recaps defaults to these types of platitudes because of the approach we take to travelling. Checking off collated items off travel blogs, visiting a Instagram tagged restaurant, fulfilling an idea of the bucket list items that we need to do at the destination. Bygone are the days spent going to a local bookstore, buying a copy of Lonely Planet on your chosen destination, highlighting and dog earring pages, and generally learning about the history of a place. If anything, this writing is a criticism of the way I’ve been travelling. I want to be the kind of traveller, that doesn’t know what she’s going to expect or do in a new place. The excitement is about the unknown, the learning, the discovering, the adventuring. I want to be excited about the unmet encounters, the glorious travelling mishaps and close calls, putting pen to paper the few facts I want to remember about the city and the country and the culture. 
As a reminder too, I am gearing excitement to enjoy the company of my alibi in the context of two months of travelling, bouncing insights and observations off one another, creating memories we will treasure, learning about each other and about the world. 
Maybe it’s hard to fuel excitement for the unknown. Maybe we’ve lost touch with the actual awe-someness of travelling. Maybe it’s magnitudes of latent excitement that occurs when our eyes are wide open standing on the streets of foreign shouts and honks. Maybe writing all of this translates into presence and appreciation whilst there. Regardless, writing and feeling deeply is all that I ask for.