10 Feb 2026
Dear Gags, 
It’s the fourth month anniversary of when you told me, “we can’t be friends anymore”. Six months since you were first frosty in that IKEA warehouse. Come graduation day, I drove the knife down the throat of an already fallen friendship. 

I don’t know what followed in your post mortem days, but I’d imagine you moved on swiftly like you do for all the ones I had heard in your stories. On my end, I went through my first heartbreak. 

Moments left still couldn’t help but slip a tear, and if left stiller more, wrangle out as a sob. I believed I’ve betrayed all of my female friends. Girl code shredded on the floor. Grief got the better of me. I was distraught over the loss of a best friend, desperate to hold on and bargain for it back, ashamed for uttering the unutterables, and angry forgiveness hadn’t been granted. 

When I found that you had cut me off on Instagram, I knew that’s just what you do. It didn’t hurt any less though. I know it doesn’t matter, but it was a felt statement that you don’t want me in your life at all right now. Maybe my hurt is hope that’s been cut loose, hope that I could be let back in. It’s probably good for me too, but I do check your slack sometimes to see if you would leave like you said you would. I do look to the day when I get back and transfer my photos from my phone to the hard drive so IOS won’t randomly remind me of you every so often. 

Homesickness hasn’t struck me ever this hard, but when I came to articulating why, I found it was because of you. I wish I could miss you and know you were waiting at home when I returned, but that wasn’t true. The truth is, I will miss you and you will always be gone. 

Vietnam was a blundered dream turn quiet dread. The outcast intention was to meet the person you hold most premier, your grandma. Instead, a lonesome pair of wearied travellers eyes look at the Vietnamese city wondering what you would have excitedly pointed out and gushed over. The streets I walked felt devoid of your laughter, at ease and at home. 

It’s been four months and I will continue carrying you. But no longer in that disemboweled anger and sadness which have hollowed me out again and again. I’ve combed through what’s happened so often the methodology and sequence has been exhausted. I’ve been exhausted. 

Instead, I’ll let you fill me, with that wisdom, strength, generosity and laughter I’ve always so admired. I’ll be reminded of you in small observations, or in ways I muster your courage in walls I must face. Like how stars long extinguished still glimmer in the night from light years travelled in undiminishable will, I’ll continue to gaze up and let you fill my sky. 

Gigs