There exists ponds of moments, so wondermagically glistening, that I desperately want to bottle. Crystallise them so that fingers may revisit and retrace the effortless ridges and smoothness. Alchemise them into artefacts, even if it is at best a warbling mirage of the real thing, for fear of losing the image altogether. Notice and meditate deeper on the shapes and forms, colours and textures, sounds and smells. Revere in the ripples of warmth and tenderness as another stone is skipped across the surface of the memories. Writing this is a way to re-submerge, and get to that place where water and mind knows no end or beginning and the world lays in the palms of presence.

When I lie beside him, in the cast of an illuminating Sunday sun, time holds. Minutes lose meaning to the slow blinks of gathering eyes. Hours slip in cascading hands and tickling play. On times when I’ve woken up before he has, I take unabashed freedom to stare. He is a gorgeous boy, but in these discreet moments drawn by sweet upturned lips and cherub-ian long lashes, I don’t believe I get to look at him from this vantage point, much less do it in his arms. Sometimes when he registers that I am awake, he would try to wake up. But sleep magnetizes him opposingly, and his eyes drift in and out across the door of a half reverie. I dichotomously want him to come through the limbo, to plant me a kiss and hug me closer; but also let him drift through the door frame to the other slumberful side ; the sun has only started to stretch its rays.

Normally, I cannot hold his gaze for it makes me shy. I routinely deploy armoury against any pair of studying eyes as a way to protect my ego from judgements, shrink to an inoffensive presence, and retract from directed attention. The gaze, received at an intimate distance where the other heartbeat can be felt, no longer feels exposing. Rather, the gaze becomes plural, because there is nowhere to hide other than to look back. In that softly pulsating space, time dilates in the black holes of his pupils, and I marvel at how clearly I appear in the event horizon of his irises. How I am reflected slightly warped and hidden behind his big western nose. In the mutual marvelling, superficiality finds no place, and we are held in an unadulterated space to see fully and be seen. Nothing else holds more attention. This tender space does not make me question the usual : what does he see in me, am I deserving, does he see my imperfections. The gaze says : you are beautiful, this is what I’m giving you, I see you fully. As a non church-goer, this is the sacredness I’ve been finding on Sunday morning sleep-ins. When the time bound brain worries that the day hasn’t begun outside of the temple we’ve housed laying beside each other, he says, “we are still building here”.

Words and vulnerability feel safe here. It’s where we tug free the hanging thread and unspool to the stitch which has been bothering the progress of the knit, checking both sides of the garment before we cast on again. Questions and answers take a pause with an uncertain smile before utterance, but they unzip our minds and hearts and we understand better. Unfurling from the whispers we figure who we are, who we are to each other, who we are together, where we are, how we are going, where we are going, and why we are. The rawness of these conversations exists when we speak truth with kindness, and they make us honest to each other.

“When you look at me, what are you feeling? “
The shy smile hints at the unveiling truth. 
“I feel soft, intimate and secure.”

These are the moments I want to come back to.