He lives by himself in Newtown in a one bedroom apartment. It’s easy to go over to his to hang instead of coming over to my family home with the commotion and parental overlording. 
What that means though, is that I have to be the one leaving and saying goodbye. 
It’s hardest on a Sunday night when I’m going back on the trains and know I’m going into a new work week. To leave the lovely weekend I’ve just sugar whirled with my love, and scatter into crystalline shards as the door closes and I give my little longing farewell wave. 
He always falls faster into slumber than I. 
This time I tucked him into bed and I knelt beside him, watching him drift out, I wonder if this is what’s going to happen when he passes before I do. The thought seizes me. I don’t want to build up my ability to say goodbye. I don’t ever want to say goodbye. It never gets easier, but I hope it never gets easier. For then it feels I’ve lost my awe of him. 
In saying that, I don’t want to sop in mourning every time after having spent a time in our own snow globed world together. I want the bittersweet to lean into the sweet more, to let it drip into my next few days in oozing warmth rather than have the afronting bitter aftertaste to pine immediately for the next time I see him. Like a Chinese tea served in a terribly small teacup, I get him in small doses. At first it tastes of barley fields we are running through with our hands, hair and laughter out, before we collapse down in a tired and slightly astringent heap. But we don’t mind it for the liquid warmth has poured through the porous gates of our hearts and minds. As with tradition, the cup gets regularly refilled from a pot regularly tended to, and there is no shortage of the abundance of laughter and understanding shared in us drinking tea together. 
As I feel his breath steady and his crickets come out in a bewitched night wrapped in his arms, and he goes into the good night become, I want to wish him with a whispering heart for all the universes wonder and peace to find him. Not with tears in my eyes that he’s long gone, but with forever wishing him well with as much love as I can project on those closed eyelids. That with every door closed and look back in the last moment I can to wave a goodbye, I rejoice in what magic we’ve just danced in and that I’ve always got a piece of him in me.