I had just finished my turn of the cleaning shift at 39. Damaged cuticles from boiling water washing the toilet cleaning rag, mop, and washing my hands again and again because when are they really clean? Today’s toilet situation was particularly bad. Every time I go over, I develop resentment and hatred for the tenants. How could they live in such filth! For the low rent they are already paying, how do they get cleaning services too!

I come home wanting a full shower. 

Christine comes back, and I ask, are you okay with Mum delaying coming back? She says yes, she deserves it. We are also handling fine ourselves. It’s called responsibility Elisa. I feel a pang of guilt, and shame my complaining self in the model of filial responsibility. Minutes later, I get a phone call from Mum about the return plane tickets since I just sent over screenshot of plane prices. I’ve been building some anger that she was delaying on coming back. The age old plan of exiting the border, a quick bus to Macau or Hong Kong, and re-enter the mainland to renew the three month visa. Sure, I had pushed to send her and my brother there, mainly because we needed to do something to break Tariq’s scam. But her sense of unwillingness to come back began to make me mad, that she was taking advantage of Dad and us working to cover her cleaning duties whilst she spent Dad’s money frolicking in China. The pretense that Tariq’s skin is 70-80% better shatters when I hear him talking to Dad and saying he is still itchy and I hear desolation in his voice that it didn’t work again. 

She sounded happy on the phone, I’m not sure if it’s because my cousin was listening on the other side. I chastised that she wasn’t coming back, that a 16 hour layover in Singapore is poor reason for not wanting to come back. All the reasons that I had above coming forth. She says, “now that you are doing this twice a month, you’re complaining whereas I was doing it eight times a month? You always go away for months and that’s okay?” I’m realising now it is because she’s always complaining when Dad is away, and now that she’s doing the same, I’ve filled her voice. I see all the ways that her voice comes through in mine and it’s unkind, non benevolent. 

She can tell I’m crying even though I made no noise of it. I grew semi non responsive. I said I wished that she is enjoying herself as we worked over here before we hung up. 

I wonder if I imparted guiltiness on her time there now. That was not my intention, and now that I’m taking the time to reflect, I regret my words and my ungenerous thoughts. I’m happy to hear that Mum sounds happier on the phone. I’m glad we can take this on for her for a bit. She’s always cleaned and cooked for us for years. For me to complain about it now is showing ungratefulness for all that was covered. 

We are doing good Mum, enjoy your time over there for as long as you need.